{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh16580\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I used this explanation to guide me quite a lot in this particular project.\
\
\
Student Name: Arapaoa Moffat\
Question: What exactly are we meant to be doing? The brief makes no sense to me and as in fact made me more confused that it has been of help. Could you give us some examples of past works. Or explain it in a simpler manor? Like I know we have to make a 1920\'92s sleeve but yeah im at a loss at were to begin. I know im not alone in this matter, iv spoken to a few of my friends in this course they are confused as well.\
\
The processing sketch should be able to create record cover designs. Take inspiration from 1920s graphic design as described in the learning modules.\
The final sketch should create a new variation of the design each time it is executed. Examples of generative posters are in module 05. An example sketch for a generative chair is in there as well.\
You don't need to make a 1920s sleeve by the way. Use the works as inspiration how to construct/build your compositions. Typography can play an important role.\
\
Variations could be: Color schemes, single colors, size of shapes, position of shapes, size of text, the text itself...\
\
Start with one layout for a cover and then use the random() function to execute controlled randomness over certain parts of your design. I will post some more screencasts with example on Thursday.\
\
Thank you for this, makes sense to me. I was a bit lost but now i think i know were to start.\
}